Hey everyone, good morning. Um, am I audible? Mera aawaz aa raha hai theek se?
Yeah Ram, we can hear you. All good.
Awesome. Chalo, let's start. We have a lot of ground to cover for Project Athena. The partner demo is this Friday, right?
Yeah, Friday 2 PM IST. But Ram, dekho, we have a major blocker regarding the infrastructure.
I was checking the Azure portal yesterday night, and our OpenAI token consumption is hitting the ceiling.
Again? Didn't we just upgrade the tier? What's consuming so many tokens?
It's the new chunking strategy, I think. Pura document split hoke jaa raha hai context window mein, so it's heavy.
Right. So, we need formal approval from the client's IT director to double the quota for the GPT-4 deployment.
Okay, Jack, can you handle that? Draft a formal request explaining the load testing requirements.
Sure, I will write the email to Sarah at client-side before lunch today.
Thanks. Meera, let's talk backend. Are we sorted with the RAG pipeline? No more 500 errors?
Um, actually nahi. There's a new issue. The vector search is timing out. Pura FAISS index corrupt ho gaya during the nightly data sync.
I had to manually restart the pods, but the routing service logic needs a patch to handle the timeouts gracefully.
Oh man, that's critical. Friday is the demo. We need this fixed and tracked immediately.
Tension mat lo, I'm already on it. I'll log a bug for the timeout patch and start working on it.
Hey Meera, ek second. While you are fixing the routing, I actually pushed a new branch yesterday for the embedding models.
I migrated us from text-embedding-ada-002 to the v3 model. Mera PR kal raat se pending hai.
Can someone please review it? It's in the backend repository, PR number 142.
I can take a look, Manoj. Give me a couple of hours. I'll review the PR and merge if tests pass.
Awesome. Thanks Karen. Just drop comments on the diff if anything breaks.
Great, thanks guys. Karen, since I have you, what is the status of the React frontend? EY branding team approved the new UI?
Yes, UI is locked. But... I am completely blocked on the chat interface. Manoj, the streaming endpoint is still returning plain text, not server-sent events.
Without the SSE, main typing effect render nahi kar sakti. It just waits 10 seconds and dumps the whole paragraph.
Ah, my bad. The dev environment didn't deploy correctly. The code is there, we just need to test the payload format together.
Okay, that's fine. Manoj, let's not debug this on the sync. Hit me up on Teams around 3 PM?
Done. I'll drop you a message at 3 and we'll hop on a quick call to sort out the streaming.
Perfect. Moving on... Information Security audit. The internal risk team is going to audit Project Athena next week.
We need to properly document all the prompt injection guardrails we built. Like, how are we sanitizing inputs? Who can document this?
Since I wrote the system prompts and the regex filters, I can write the documentation for it.
Thanks Meera. Just make sure you cover the PII masking logic as well. InfoSec is very strict about data leakage.
Also Ram, regarding InfoSec... there is a massive checklist on the Risk Portal that has to be filled out. Like, 40 questions about our data architecture.
The deadline to submit that portal checklist is tomorrow end of day. If we miss it, they will block our production release.
Oh god, the risk portal. Yeah, that's an absolute nightmare.
Yeah, we definitely cannot miss that deadline. It takes weeks to get an exception.
Agreed. It is top priority. Please ensure the portal submission is completed by tomorrow evening.
Alright, last item on my agenda. I want us to look ahead a bit. For phase 2, I think we need to evaluate LlamaIndex.
Right now we are using raw LangChain, but maintaining these chains is getting messy. LlamaIndex might be better for our specific use case.
Haan, I was reading about that. Unka latest update is really good for document parsing.
Exactly. Can someone take a spike on this? Just evaluate LlamaIndex versus our current setup.
I'll do it. I will investigate the framework and write up a comparison doc with pros and cons.
Great, thanks Manoj. Does anyone have anything else? Koi aur blockers hain kya?
Nothing from my side, but Ram, reminder for you... you haven't approved the contractor timesheets in SAP yet.
Ah shoot, I forgot. Thanks Karen. I will approve those timesheets right after this call.
Okay team, let's get back to work. Phir milte hain. Bye.